Hello, my friends, and welcome to the final practical activity of this part, nine dimensionality
reduction.
We already build two dimensionality reduction models, first principal component analysis, and then
second, linear discriminant analysis.
We got amazing results with both but slightly better results and actually perfect results with linear
discriminant analysis.
So now we're hoping that with our third tool of the dimensionality reduction target that we get at least
the same thing as BCA or that same perfect result as with LDA.
And you might guess that since now we're about to add a kernel.
And as we saw with as VM and kernel as VM, adding a kernel always improves the result.
Well, you might guess that we are about to get amazing results as well.
All right.
So let's start let's build that final model.
But before this, let's make sure everyone here is on the same page.
I give you the link to this whole folder right before these tutorials.
Make sure you connect to it.
And now here we go.
Let's enter part nine and then section forty five, kernel BCA.
And as usual, we're gonna start with Python.
And this python for there contains two files.
First, the kernel implementation in the IPY and B format.
And of course, the same data set wine CSP, which is a data set of many wines in many different wines.
Each rogue responds to a wine.
And for each of these wines, we have these features from the alcohol level to the pro line.
And then for each of these wines, we also have the customer segment, which is the segment of customers
to which the wine belongs to in the sense that all the customers of each segment and we have three segments
in total, have the same preference for such wines.
Okay.
And now the challenge is to build a logistic regression model combined to some dimensionality reduction
techniques applied to this dataset so that we can end up with a less complex data set, which at the
same time will provide an excellent way for the logistic regression model to learn the correlations
between all these features and the deep end.
InVivo.
All right.
And then for each new wine, we will deploy this predictive model to predict the customer segment to
which this wine belongs.
So that the owner of the wine shop can recommend each new wine to the right customer.
All right.
That's the exact same case study as before.
And now let's open this implementation with either Google Collaboratory or Dupere notebook.
As you can see, I kept this PCI implementation and this LDA implementation so that we can compare.
And now, well, as usual, this implementation is in read only mode because you are have access to
it.
So let's create a copy by clicking for here, then save a copy and drive, because indeed in this copy
we will reimplement the sale that implements Colonel Pichette.
Let's get rid of this so that we can have clearly the three dimensionality reduction techniques.
And now there we go.
Let's implement Colonel Pichette.
But first, this time, let's upload the data set first so that we can, you know, get the assistance
of Google CoLab right now or notebook is connecting to runtime.
There we go.
Then let's click.
Upload will end up in the linear discriminant analysis folder.
So let's just do the whole path again.
So this is the whole machine learning is at folder.
Let's go inside and let's go to part nine dimensionality reduction and Section 45 current BCA by phone
and why not ASV open.
Okay, there we go.
Now our notebook is connected.
Okay.
And now we're going to do two things.
First.
We're gonna remove that cell.
Put it in the bin so that we can reimplemented.
But also let's, you know, remove all the outputs by trying not to look at them.
You know, I hope I hope you didn't look at the results.
But anyway, I'm sure you expect an amazing result as well.
So let's just remove the output here.
That's the visualization of the change that results.
And this one visualization of the test set result.
All right, then.
Let's take the table of contents applying kernel BCA.
There we go.
We are ready to implement this.
So let's create a new Kotel.
And now do we want to reimplement this?
You know, from the very scratch or do we want to be efficient and.
Well, of course, that's really my spirit as a coder, as a machine learning programmer.
I always want to be efficient.
And by that I mean that, you know, the kernel PCI implementation is super close to the PCI implementation
because basically it will be almost the same, except that will have to add a kernel in one of the inputs.
So what we're gonna do, you know, in that spirit of efficiency is we will go to our PCI implementation.
We will say that cell, because you're going to see that it's going to be almost the same.
So let's.
Paiser here and now the only thing that we have to change its first.
The name of the class, but not the module because the class were about import to implement COL BCA.
Still belongs to this decomposition module by the cyclone library.
And that class is, of course, Colonel PVA just like that.
So that's the class then.
Well, let's give a different name to the object.
We're not gonna call it T.S.A., but we can call it, you know, K P.D.A as you want.
You know, then of course here when we've called a class to create an instance of this object, which
will be this KPC, a variable.
Well, of course, we need to call the right class, which is COL PCI.
And now inside this class will same.
We have to choose a number of extracted features, which is still given by this argument and components.
But since now we're working with a kernel, you know, we're doing col BCA.
Well, exactly the same as when we transition from as VM to kernel as VM.
Well, we simply need to add a kernel argument here and we'll actually choose the same kernel as with
kernel as VM, meaning the RBA kernel, which is the radial basis function kernel.
So there we go.
That's our second argument here.
Col equals in quotes.
Well, r b f radial basis function.
And now let's see, let's see what there is left to change.
So this line is good.
The next line of code.
Well, same.
In order to perform the kernel BCA dimensionality reduction technique.
Well we only need the features of X train and not that's been viable Y train.
So all good.
You know, that's the same as BCA, but not the same as LDA, which required the Dippin enjoyable y
train.
So all good here.
However, be careful.
We renamed our object, not BCA, but KPC.
So same here, KPC and NRMA Friends.
This implementation is over.
That's what happens, you know, when we're being efficient.
The implementation is sometimes completed faster than expected.
And that's because, as you can see, Colonel Pithier is very similar to PCM, you know, in terms of
its implementation.
Okay, so now we're just ready to do a run.
Oh, again, we have our data set.
Our implementation is all good.
So let's do this.
Let's click runtime here and then three to one run.
I'll go.
All right.
So now all the cells are running.
Are logistic regression models built and as expected?
Well, we get, of course, an accuracy of 100 percent.
I've rarely seen some cases where, you know, the non kernel version of the model beats the kernel
version of the model.
It can happen, but it's very rare.
There you go.
Here, of course, Col BCA manages to beat the PCI.
Moral thinks that Col.
Well, we fixed that incorrect prediction, which we had.
Remember in BCA right here.
So all good here.
We get a 100 percent accuracy.
And now let's have a look at the results.
No how Colonel BCA was able to separate our classes in the test set.
Right.
Which are new observations on which the model wasn't trained.
Well, there you go.
That's our two principal components.
BCO one and P.c two.
And now in a new dimension, once again, you know, because the wine's observation points here are
arranged in a different way than with P.c A right.
We have very different arrangement of the points here.
We can see them more dispersed than here, right with our piece.
Yay!
Well, that's because we are in a new dimension.
We are with different dimensions.
P.S. one piece, you too many different extracted features.
So that's still in normal.
That are observation points.
You know, the ones here are arranged in a very different way.
That's because we are in different dimension in which.
Well, the logistic regression model was perfectly able to classify are observation points with these
three prediction regions.
And same for the LDA.
The observation points are arranged differently because once again, these are some different dimensions.
We are in another dimension here.
Thanks to these extracted features.
So you see this dimensionality reduction technique is pretty fascinating because it basically allows
to create a new space of dimensions and in some new dimension.
Well, indeed, we can perfectly classify some observations like it is the case for linear discriminant
analysis.
And Colonel PICU.
Now, what I recommend for you to do is to practice this on other data sets.
So I recommend, for example, to check out the UCI email repository platform and go to the classification
section and try to call BCA on other datasets.
And you'll see you will end up with similar results, with some prediction boundaries like that separating.
Well, the classes.
Please share your results in a Q&A, especially the ones where we clearly.
See an improvement with Colonel PRCA.
With respect to PRCA, you know, maybe you'll find some data sets where PCI performs poorly.
But then by adding a colonel with Colonel BCA, you will get much better results.
So please share this.
I'm actually very interested to see what you get.
All right.
Thanks in advance.
And now congratulations.
This new chapter on dimensionality reduction is done.
And now we're gonna move on to the final chapter of the course.
Barton Morel selection and boosting where you will learn your three last and very important tools which
are first K4 cross-validation to evaluate your machinery.
Morel's the best way, then parameter tuning to find the best values of your hyper parameters.
And finally, the cherry on the cake of this course I will teach you and give you the x g boost model,
which is one of the best and most powerful machinery models for regression or classification that will
complete your master machine learning tool kit.
The best way.
And until then, enjoy machine learning.